hi I'm Luis and welcome to my first day
here at Mercedes and still got keep your
fingers crossed for the season of their
big video get positioned
yeah this is quite nice a little car I
feel great there's lovely to be back in
Stuttgart
I know this is a place I've been coming
for a long long time I've been
associated with Mercedes since I was so
young 13 1997 I think but it feels good
in this new car it's just it's the first
time I've seen it and it's it feels it's
quite responsive and it's quite elegant
inside it feels very just quite classy I
like it let's go quite sharp brakes and
I hear this has the best aerodynamics as
well so I'm hoping this year they do the
same in my car we've seen lots of
pictures of your fitness training on
Twitter how much physical preparation
have you been doing I started training
just after just after Christmas losses
in Hawaii and and then I've just been
continuing that all the way through
January and then I'll continue that all
way down to the first race it's really
important for me I find this such a long
long season so every year you try and
modify how early you start and how much
training you do so that you still have
energy by the time you get to the first
race and you feel you feel like your
fitness is optimized so I mean I've been
doing it twice a day six days a week and
feel fantastic especially as I was in
the mountains now come down down back to
kind of sea level it's so much easier to
breathe down here what does work
beginning
that started in December so I already
went to the factory and had my seat fit
and then already from there we you know
I'd send send the cockpit and I got to
see certain things that I like and would
like to modify possible so I've made
quite a few changes to suit me in the
cockpit so I feel quite comfortable with
that and then to be honest working with
the guys I can't really have too much
input until I've driven the car so
that's something I'm really excited to
do when Emma has already said he thinks
you're going to be his strongest rival
this season for me I feel I'm honoured
that such a great driver like mine and I
would say something so positive about me
I think I you know I I have the same
comments about him you know I think he's
one of the best drivers if not the best
driver here and so to have positive
comments coming from his side of thing
I'd love to be racing him within this
year and I think that's obviously the
target for myself and Mercedes I think
just take it one step at a time you know
we've got to get in the car we got to
try and develop as fast as we can
I've got to to get involved in the team
and try to get build the team around me
and work closely with Nico to try and
help the car push in one direction well
the first targets to finish the race get
a podium get a win and then win more
races and and see where it takes us your
links to this Mercedes go back a long
way what does the company
well my said is it's like it's like my
family you know I've been with Mercedes
so yeah I was 13 when I first started
with Mercedes you know I've been very
very fortunate to build build build
really good relationships with everyone
in the team
I've been included in so many different
events and the experiences so I feel
very much part of the Silver Arrows and
now to be back with them fully at 100%
as as a Silver Arrows drivers it's a
real privilege because it's obviously
such a prestigious brand
how about you presenting more than a
quarter of a million employees ability
or right I'd say both because of course
there's a lot of people to be
representing and it's as I said it's
such a huge brand that's already
fantastic on its own I hope that I can
just contribute to make it more
successful than there has been in the
past and you know there's always been so
many great drivers over the years that
have contributed to the success of the
team I just hope to to be in addition to
that the story between British Grand
Prix drivers and Mercedes is a also a
long one are there any of them you
yeah like there's sister Lamaze teaming
I think was surprised to see just how
many there are in over the years but
hopefully in many years to come
I'll be a part of that list of and
hopefully have had lots of success and
how does it feel to be back and still
good I was back in cigar last December I
think I came here I came here to see dr.
Zetsche er and - and he was just add -
we just have the small meeting just to
welcome me to the team and because I
haven't seen him for a while yeah well
the first time I came was with stars and
cars so I come every year a thousand
cars when I came here after we won the
World Championship with the museum when
they brought the car here put the car in
the museum which is fantastic
I wouldn't say it's the second home but
I'm very used to being a nurse for sure
what's his strongest memory from your
time with Mercedes so far
boy it has to be win the World
Championship you know this win in the
World Championships quite special
Mercedes and McLaren hadn't won for some
some time so to be able to give him that
success to be a part of that leap in
success for them was a real privilege
so I hope you like my first trip and
keep your fingers crossed for the season